---
title: Not Enough Free Time

pictures: [
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2019-01-12-freetime.jpg",
		thumbpos: "-20px -60px",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2019-01-12-freetime.jpg",
			label: "Final Drawing"
		}
	},
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2019-01-12-freetime_sketch.jpg",
		thumbpos: "-20px -60px",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2019-01-12-freetime_sketch.jpg",
			label: "Sketch"
		}
	}
]
---
## Original description
Why is Ro burning Tommy's homework?

Here's an explanation: basically Tommy has so much homework that he doesn't have enough free time to stay with his robotic best friend and this makes Robotboy mad, as he has nothing to do for almost all the day.

So when Tommy goes downstairs to drink some water and opens his bedroom's room, he sees his homework burnt down by a flamethrower-like device normally hidden in his robot's arm.

What will Tommy say the next morning at school? Ro didn't think about the consequences of his actions, everyone does mistakes sometimes.

Talking about Tommy, this is the first time I drew him and I'm surprised by how I got him right after only 4-5 sketches!

Anyway, I hope you like this drawing, as I spent an entire morning (at school!) and afternoon making this!

[Original DeviantArt post](https://www.deviantart.com/phantomdoom741/art/Not-Enough-Free-Time-780848791)

---

## Retrospective (2022)
I think the description, like many others from that year, is really cringy.

That aside, drawings with a backstory? That's pretty unusual coming from me, even today.

Ro's left arm is just really damn weird, but the smoke effect (carried over from [this drawing](2019-01-12-targetfragged)) is once again not bad.

The burning paper doesn't look bad either, surprisingly. Tommy did come out pretty nice (can't believe I'm agreeing with 2019 me for once).
