---
title: Robotboy + a palette switch

pictures: [
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2019-01-08-shinyro.jpg",
		thumbpos: "center -60px",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2019-01-08-shinyro.jpg"
		}
	}
]
---
## Original description
Yes, this is the actual first Robotboy drawing I made this year. Not counting sketches of course, they looked just too bad to be uploaded here.

Anyway, the body Ro has in this drawing doesn't look right to me... any tips to fix that in my next drawings?

Also, as you can see I've changed Robotboy's color scheme quite a bit, giving him more light colors and a bit less dark blue.
I've also added some shading here - not enough to make the drawing look bad though - and it makes the drawing look better, so I guess I'll add shading to my next uploads as well.

One last thing, to draw that weapon thing in Ro's right arm I took inspiration from Booster's Clutch Gatling.

Booster is character from a Doom mod made by TerminusEst13. Said mod is still in development, but there's a nice tech demo you can try already. Just look for it and sooner or later you'll find it.

With this said, I leave you without my drawings until... tomorrow maybe? See you!

[Original DeviantArt post](https://www.deviantart.com/phantomdoom741/art/Robotboy-but-with-a-palette-switch-780310259)

---

## Retrospective (2022)
Nice big textwall of a description here, huh?

> Not counting sketches of course, they looked just too bad to be uploaded here.

If those sketches looked "bad" according to early-2019 me, I am **seriously** afraid of ever digging them up again from my art album.

> I've also added some shading here [...]

That is not shading. Just a gradient with too much contrast applied to a few cylinders.
And no, it does *not* make the drawing any better.
