---
title: Fusazakura Birthday

pictures: [
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-03-26-fuszbday.jpg",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-03-26-fuszbday.png",
			label: "Final Drawing"
		}
	},
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-03-26-fuszbday_sketch.jpg",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-03-26-fuszbday_sketch.png",
			label: "Sketch"
		}
	}
]
---
While at school, I got a notification showing it was [Fusazakura](https://twitter.com/fusazakura_)'s birthday.
Quick context - they're one of my favorite artists and a few details in my artstyle were inspired by their artwork.
Anyway, I thought their birthday would've been a good excuse to draw their OC and try drawing "hair vents" (no, I have no idea if this is their actual name) for the first time.

Just like with [the Aikoyori drawing](/artwork/2022-03-20-aikoyori), I made [a few sketches of Fusazakura's OC](/artwork/2022-03-26-fszmisc) at school and started working on the fully fleshed out drawing at home.

I definitely got spoiled during [my time with my friend's Wacom One](/blog/2022-03-15-wacomfxp1) - drawing on my phone after all this time revealed to be kind of a torture. Out of nowhere, I had to fight again against Sketchbook overly smoothening my brush strokes, latency and everything else.

Getting the sketch finished took me way more than expected, with the final lineart and color doubling down on that.

Speaking of the color, I think it really saved this drawing: I believe the lineart turned out to be... *pretty bad, actually.*
*Also* speaking of the color, I still have to figure out a decent way to draw the eyes' scleras. On the Aikoyori drawing I kind of got away with something pretty simple, but not so much here.

Overall, the whole drawing was relatively rushed, took me 4 hours of would've-been sleep *and* has a bunch of mistakes and oversights regarding both the lineart and coloring.
In the end though, Fusazakura liked it so I guess it isn't a total trainwreck.

*I should probably invest in a drawing tablet as soon as possible and start making actually good stuff.*