---
title: Aikoyori

pictures: [
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-03-20-aikoyori.jpg",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-03-20-aikoyori.png",
			label: "Final Drawing"
		}
	},
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-03-20-aikoyori_sketch1.jpg",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-03-20-aikoyori_sketch1.png",
			label: "Sketch #1"
		}
	},
	{
		thumbnail: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-03-20-aikoyori_sketch2.jpg",
		lowres: {
			file: "/assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-03-20-aikoyori_sketch2.png",
			label: "Sketch #2"
		}
	}
]
---
The last drawing I've made during what's essentially been [a free trial of my friend's Wacom One](/blog/2022-03-18-wacomfxp1).
While not that incredible, I believe it neatly wrapped up my first experience with a drawing tablet nonetheless.

Wanting to break out of the loop and try my hand at drawing a new character, I thought drawing [my friend Aikoyori](https://twitter.com/Aikoyori)'s homonymous OC could've been a cool idea.
After all, I've already been thinking about drawing her for quite a while.

I started both my first sketches of Aiko and this drawing itself on my 4th day spent with the Wacom One, getting some okay results.
The next day, I changed up the clothing in this drawing's sketch and made the pose more interesting than just her standing flat... not implying the final thing is much better either.

While working on the finalized lineart, I also touched up Aiko's ponytail and made it a little messier, I just think it looked... off in the WIP versions shown in [the blogpost about the 3rd and 4th day with the Wacom One](/2022-03-18-wacomfxp3).

I think the final lineart ended up being pretty nice, even though the clothing is incredibly flat and lacks wrinkles, folds and everything. The hands are *incredibly detailed* as well. Another weak spot of this drawing must be the very flat coloring as well, which could've definitely used some shading and, perhaps, even that fancy *hair shine thing* everyone appears to do.

Maybe, the root issue has been lack of time, with terrible time management making matters worse, together with inexperience with proper shading and coloring on digital.

**If you still haven't, [check out Aikoyori's own art](https://twitter.com/Aikoyori)!**
