---
pictures:
- label: 'Sketch #1'
  original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-04-01-roromisc_1.jpg
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-04-01-roromisc_1.jpg
  thumbpos: 16
- label: 'Sketch #2'
  original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-04-01-roromisc_2.jpg
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-04-01-roromisc_2.jpg
  thumbpos: 16
- label: 'Sketch #3'
  original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2022-04-01-roromisc_3.jpg
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2022-04-01-roromisc_3.jpg
  thumbpos: 20
title: Misc. Cardiegon sketches
version: 3
---
My favorite-artists'-OCs drawing rampage carries on. This time the unfortunate victim is [ceroro](https://twitter.com/ceroblitz)'s Cardiegon.
Similarly to [Fusazakura's OC](/artwork/2022-03-26-fuszbday), I wanted to made a few traditional sketches to get the hang of her design and then make a final, high-effort digital drawing.

I ended up deciding to postpone the latter, as to avoid making atrocities while trying to draw on my phone... like what happened with - again - my [drawing of Fusazakura's OC](/artwork/2022-03-26-fuszbday).
The digital drawing will likely be taken care of once I get my hands on a drawing tablet of my own.

As for the sketches themselves, I don't think I really managed to capture that Cardiegon "feel" *(frequently reoccurring pattern with nearly every OC I draw that isn't mine)*, especially in the first one.

Speaking of the first one, I wasn't 100% sure of the pose and everything from the beginning and I ended up changing part of the sketch in the middle of the lineart, leading to a kinda weird-looking result.

I believe the following two sketches went way better for the most part, though.
I wasn't really focused on trying to be as accurate as possible, instead just trying to make something that looks good.
The third sketch was also made without any sketch whatsoever and turned out better than expected.

You can already guess what I'm gonna say next: **you should check out [ceroro's own art](https://twitter.com/ceroblitz)!**
