---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-06-09-redraws_1.jpg
  thumbpos: center -110px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-06-09-redraws_1.png
    label: Fusazakura's OC
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-06-09-redraws_2.jpg
  thumbpos: -120px -60px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-06-09-redraws_2.png
    label: Cappy
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-06-09-redraws_ref1.jpg
  thumbpos: center center
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-06-09-redraws_ref1.jpg
    label: Fusazakura's OC (2022)
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-06-09-redraws_ref2.jpg
  thumbpos: center -100px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-06-09-redraws_ref2.jpg
    label: Cappy (2022)
title: Revisiting year-old drawings
---
I felt like trying to redraw a couple things from last summer in my current style, simple as that.

First up is [Fusazakura](https://twitter.com/fusazakura_)'s OC.
Easily my favorite among these two.
I did kinda forget how to draw her hair after so much time, so I needed to use references.

The second one is my friend [Cappy](https://ordinary.cafe/@korewaChino)'s OC instead.
I'm... not too sure about this one, mostly because the face looks off in some way and because Cappy's right foot shouldn't look like it does, at the angle it's viewed from.
Also, the pose really took me a while to get right (hence the dark red pose sketch).
That said, the scarf and clothing are definitely a big improvement from the original drawing.

Actually, you know what?
Let's get into why I dislike the original drawings, now that I'm at it.

Starting off with Fusazakura's OC, like earlier: the old drawing looks really... static?
The head's shape is really blocky, just like the hand.
The face expression may not be neutral, but it still feels pretty blank.
Compare that to the new drawing's "sharper" head and slight difference in the eye(brow)s' position: this one has much more soul, if that makes any sense.
Also, the hand's shape looks *much* better, although it's lacking some lines.
I'm not going to hold the old drawing's dirtiness against it: I did what I could with a pencil, an eraser and just a few minutes of time.

Moving to the old Cappy drawing, we have kind of the opposite situation.
While the shapes are - again - way too blocky, the open mouth and slightly leaned forwards pose give Cappy way more "life" than the straight up back and blank smile of the new drawing.
Also, he wore long trousers in the old one because I didn't know a thing about anatomy.
