---
pictures:
- label: Final drawing
  original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-08-31-shy02.png
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-08-31-shy02.jpg
  thumbpos: 27
- label: Sketch
  original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-08-31-shy02_sketch.png
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-08-31-shy02_sketch.jpg
  thumbpos: 23
- label: Vending machine screenshot
  original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-08-31-shy02_screenshot.png
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-08-31-shy02_screenshot.jpg
  thumbpos: 22
title: SHY 02 @ Sky Kingdom
version: 3
---
Behold, the second entry of *SHY* - the project where I use YNO's Vending Machine Finder expeditions as an excuse to practice painting!
Today's featured location is [Sky Kingdom](https://yume.wiki/2kki/Sky_Kingdom).
Please do ignore how this should've come out about two weeks ago.

Straight from the first glance, it should be obvious there are some major differences between the making of [*SHY01*](/artwork/2023-08-12-shy01) and this.
Unlike *01*, the focus here has been shifted even further towards the background, rather than Urotsuki.

Speaking of the background, this time I've completely done away with the overly slow process I used in *SHY01*: instead of using layers for different background elements, I... used none.
Not like I had any choice, using MS Paint for this drawing (painting?).
Also, I haven't wasted time trying to make perfectly accurate shapes - and failing at the hands of a fence with a diamond pattern - which allowed me to save enough time to finish the background in about 2 hours and 30 minutes, with nearly all the work done within the first hour and 50 minutes.

At this point, you might be wondering why I took so long to get this finished.
The answer is procrastination: I held off from drawing Urotsuki and wrapping this up for over a week.
In the end, this might've been for the better, though!
Not too long ago I tried [pouring some more style in an Uro sketch](/artwork/2023-08-27-urostylish), which resulted in something far better than any other drawing of her that I had made at the time.
I tried to do the same thing here, although at a much smaller scale.

At the time of writing, *SHY03*'s background is nearly complete... and there are 4 more *SHY* entries queued up.
This is really starting to get messy.
