---
pictures:
- original: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2023-07-17-2kkiarc.png
  thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2023-07-17-2kkiarc.jpg
  thumbpos: 20
title: Heading into my dreamer arc
version: 3
---
Ahhh, how long has it been since I got into my Zutomayo arc?
Looks like almost an exact year.
Sure, I did have a Yama arc, but that wasn't really as meaningful art-wise.
Anyway, all of this to say that it seems like I've just begun my new long arc that'll have a big impact on my artwork. Ladies, gentlemen and anything in-between (or not), brace yourselves: my [Yume 2kki](https://yume.wiki/2kki/Yume_2kki_Wiki#About_Yume_2kki) arc.

*Quick context: Yume 2kki is a [Yume Nikki](https://yume.wiki/yume/Yume_Nikki) fangame.
Both games involve exploring dream worlds ranging from total nonsense to the coolest places you could think of.*

I've only started playing a few days ago, but I'm already in love with the game.
I had heard about it in the past, but didn't know much until very recently.
I happened to stumble on a YouTube video of someone's journey to a world in 2kki called Rainy Apartments, and one particular world in the route struck me: Windswept Scarlet Sands - it was love at first sight.
Eager to visit the place myself, I decided to start playing 2kki on the [YNOproject website](https://ynoproject.net/).
But before that, I thought that it would've been a cool idea to play Yume Nikki as well: the game has been piqueing my interest for years now, what better moment to check it out?
Anyway, after a couple days of intense dreaming in Madotsuki's shoes I finished Yume Nikki and saw a good portion of its content along the way.
And finally, the time to get into 2kki had come-- oh damn, I really lost track of the main topic here. Putting the story of how I got into 2kki aside (for a future blog post!)...

To kick off this new arc, here are my very first 3 sketches of Urotsuki, Yume 2kki's protagonist.
You'll be seeing her a lot on my website for the next few months, I'm afraid.

The 3rd one looks really off, the blank expression and plain standing pose are just... boring.
I think the other two sketches are cool, even though they're not really in my usual style.
Potential changes to my artstyle incoming?
