---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-07-15-julysk_1.jpg
  thumbpos: -75px -150px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2024-07-15-julysk_1.png
    label: Teto
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-07-15-julysk_2.jpg
  thumbpos: center -151px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2024-07-15-julysk_2.png
    label: Developing's OC
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-07-15-julysk_3.jpg
  thumbpos: -50px -55px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2024-07-15-julysk_3.png
    label: vl1
thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-07-15-julysk_3.jpg
title: July doodles
---
Unlike the past "[month] sketches" posts, all drawings here were made in one night and I just didn't have a better idea of how to frame them for a post here.

I kicked off things with [yet another redraw](/artwork/2024-07-10-headachet3) of a scene from the [Headache MV](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jneo_p9h6WI).
I'm not as satisfied with this as my last attempt - this doesn't feel nearly as dramatic, and overall just... very plain.

I followed that up with a doodle of [Developing's OC](https://misskey.io/notes/9vgx9r3vahim052a).
Now that I think about it, I should've probably gone a step further and color it, but knowing myself I would've probably not stopped there and continued with shading and all.
Similarly to the [Urotsuki drawing from a while ago](/artwork/2024-07-01-grumpyuro), I originally made her head a bit too wide at first.
And just like last time, I ended up noticing by mirroring the canvas and fixed things up by mostly just moving around things until it looked right again.

But the real star of this batch is the third and last drawing of [my friend vl1](https://lethallava.land/@vl1)'s OC.
It's been by far the most fun and challenging drawing of these 3, thanks to the pose and perspective - which didn't come out great, but still better than none at all.

Fun fact: I didn't make these in MS Paint as the last couple drawings!
I quickly put together an aliased brush in Krita with minimal pressure and speed sensitivity, so that I could keep working with a type of brush I'm already very comfortable with, while also being able to use layers and other advanced things at the same time.
