---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-10-24-hpearple.jpg
  thumbpos: center -75px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2024-10-24-hpearple.png
title: 'Hollow Technique: Pearple.'
---
So... where do I even start with this one?
With what is quite possibly my best drawing this whole year?

This is another one that took surprisingly little time, again clocking in at around 4-5 hours like my [last work](/artwork/2024-10-23-honoredone).
And the wildest part is that I managed to pull this off a mere day after the last one!

I won't talk much about the process since a lot of it resembles what I've done yesterday, I'll instead go over why I think this drawing looks far, far better than my previous one.

Starting off with the face, I believe luck was by my side when it came to drawing an "intense" face expression, seeing as how the line between good-looking and super cringy is usually very thin there.

The very strong contrast between highlights and shadows (and the face having that hard cutoff in the middle between highlights and, well, no highlights) definitely helps make the shot more impactful as well.

Also, once again, a focus on the hands.
I've been noticing that hand focus has been quite common throughout these last few drawings, and I'm sure they've been elevated quite a lot by that alone.
If only I could draw hands more comfortably without reference... oh wait, I just need to practice to reach that goal.
Well, to defeat my laziness and THEN to practice on top of that.
Meh, can't be bothered right now.

That circular shine/lens/??? effect was kinda messy to make, since the way I went about it was hand-drawing a messy circle with a few opacity steps, and then applying like 8 different motion blur directions to it, plus lens blur I think?
I think you can already make out how overengineered this was.
I erased that effect a bit on the right to not be too intrusive and cover Teto, that was absolutely a good call.

I wrapped things up with that same Burn layer effect trick from yesterday, but this time I also used a Color or Hue (I forgot which, and I'm too lazy to check again) layer effect on Teto to better integrate her with the purple... everything around her.

I'm really glad I managed to do justice to what's definitely up there with the most iconic Jujutsu Kaisen shots, and I'm also really scared of how bad my burnout will be once it inevitably catches up to me after so many great drawings in a row.
