---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-08-17-tetosmug.jpg
  thumbpos: center -153px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2024-08-17-tetosmug.png
    label: Next-day revision
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2024-08-17-tetosmug_rev0.jpg
  thumbpos: 0px -160px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2024-08-17-tetosmug_rev0.png
    label: Original
title: Smug Teto
---
A narrowly salvaged drawing of, you guessed it, Teto.

The original drawing was... quite far on the bad side.
It pretty much all came down to a completely wrong head, so I guess that shows just how much a single part of a drawing can end up dragging down everything else around it.

Thankfully, the day after posting the super-flawed original drawing, I realized just how much I clearly got wrong and decided to sink a little time in MS Paint to try and fix things up.
And considering how bad my starting point was, I believe that time paid off pretty well!
Teto kinda lost the smug expression in the process, though.

If I had to guess, the fact I made the original drawing late into the night at around 2-3AM is probably what's to blame for getting the head and facial features so obviously wrong.
I'd say I'll avoid drawing too late into the night again, but that'd be quite the lie considering how often I'm already doing that, and I really doubt I'm gonna stop anytime soon.

Closing with a bit of trivia - I was originally going to try drawing Happy Chaos from Guilty Gear Strive, but to the surprise of probably no-one, I'm kinda... really, really underpracticed when it comes to drawing guys and proper anatomy.

After a couple sketches where I struggled in several ways, I just ended up putting aside the Happy Chaos drawing idea for another time, and drawing Teto instead to not make the drawing session feel fruitless.
