---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-09-24-dfkwin_1.jpg
  thumbpos: center -82px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-09-24-dfkwin_1.png
    label: 'Panel #1'
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-09-24-dfkwin_2.jpg
  thumbpos: center -187px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-09-24-dfkwin_2.png
    label: 'Panel #2'
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-09-24-dfkwin_3.jpg
  thumbpos: center -189px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-09-24-dfkwin_3.png
    label: 'Panel #3'
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-09-24-dfkwin_anim.jpg
  thumbpos: center -106px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-09-24-dfkwin_anim.gif
    label: Shitpost GIF
thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-09-24-dfkwin_thumb.jpg
title: '...but did she?'
---
**Spoilers for Jujutsu Kaisen chapter 236 ahead.**

[*"Nah, I'd win."*, said the fraudulent one.](/artwork/2024-10-28-fraudolentone)

I'm quite happy with the first one (which was also the most painless).
I liked Gege's choice of having the blood be darker than the lineart itself in the manga, it really does look way more impactful than what you'd probably get by making both just as dark.

The second panel was definitely tougher, mostly because I had to draw Defoko-Sukuna (who I'm not that used to drawing to begin with) from her back, an angle I don't think I've used more than once or twice, ever.
I don't think I really captured the goofiness of the original panel here, but oh well, this gets the job done.

Last but not least, the third panel.
This was also tougher than I expected, mostly because of the somewhat low "camera" angle and having to base myself off of a panel with a far bulkier character than Defoko.
No matter the relative struggle and fast-forwarding to 3 sketch iterations later, I think I've done a better job here than in the previous panel.
This is probably mainly thanks to there being a face to bump up the quality, as opposed to the second panel, where good anatomy knowledge and the background (both things I'm not nearly as experienced at) take the spotlight instead.

Oh yeah, I also stitched these together to remake a shitpost GIF I've seen around.
If you're wondering, the goofy animations come from Kinemaster.
It's surprisingly easy to cheat its requirement for a premium subscription to use a wider variety of effects: you're allowed to try them out and preview them in the video editor for free, which means you can just start the preview and record your phone's screen to get a half-decent render, more than good enough for a shitpost.
As for the letterboxing you get when adding pictures into the video project, the editor's scaling feature for images and whatnot is enough to get rid of it.

As much as I'm opposed to sketchy mobile video editors that endlessly beg for your money, I have to give credit where it's due - I felt that Kinemaster was actually surprisingly intuitive to use... for a shitpost at least.
No idea how it'd fare in a more serious video project.
