---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-07-26-utauvsv.jpg
  thumbpos: -49px -80px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-07-26-utauvsv.png
    label: Final drawing
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-07-26-utauvsv_sketches.jpg
  thumbpos: center -36px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-07-26-utauvsv_sketches.png
    label: Defoko sketches
title: The strongest vocal synth
---
I didn't originally mean to spend too long on this one, but before I knew it I ended up skipping sleep to finish it.

Teto didn't take that long to draw, but Defoko was quite a different story.
I've never drawn her before, so part of the total time this drawing took was spent on making a few sketches (which are also here!) to learn her design.

The 8 hours it took me to draw this were further padded out by "accidentally" re-reading the Jujutsu Kaisen chapter with the panel I referenced here... so I guess we're looking at about 2 or more hours of padding.

Regardless, even ignoring those "padding" hours, I believe 6 hours of work for a black-and-white drawing without a proper background is... kind of a lot?
Especially when most of the time was spent drawing Defoko.

A new trick I tried here can be seen in the latter's hair: I learned that a nice way to give a character's hair a larger silhouette is adding long, thin strands towards the outer edge.
Not that it's super visible here, but hey, it's still something new.

The background was meant to be a loose approximation of the original Jujutsu Kaisen panel's, but I was far too tired to do it properly by the time I got to it, so I ended up making some airbrush strokes vaguely resembling the shapes in the reference, and applying a halftone filter to them to make it all fit in with the characters.

All things considered though, I'm fairly happy with this.
I wish Teto's walk forwards looked a bit better, but I'm not feeling too down over it because I already spent an hour or so just trying to fix it (it originally looked really bad), so I can rest assured I've given her pose my all.
