---
pictures:
- thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/artwork/thumbs/2025-09-28-bigshot.jpg
  thumbpos: -40px -50px
  variants:
  - file: /assets/img/posts/artwork/2025-09-28-bigshot.png
title: Big Shot
---
No, not that one.
Not until I check out Deltarune, at least.

If you haven't been keeping up with my yapping [on Fedi]() (which is likely), you might've missed that I've been watching *Puella Magi Madoka Magica* for the past week.
Turns out I'm actually really liking it thus far (I finished episode 10 just earlier), so it's only natural I was gonna make some drawings of it.

That bit of context aside, this one wasn't even meant to be colored at first, rather just a quick warmup sketch.
But I spent way longer than I expected on the lineart, so I ended up quickly coloring it and blocking out the vaguest resemblance of a "background" to make the whole thing presentable enough for a post of its own.

Since I finished this fairly late at night, I didn't have time to give it the usual eyecandy treatment I used for [several](/artwork/2024-10-01-bassdrop) of my [best drawings](/artwork/2024-10-24-hpearple) last year.
That might've been a mistake, as I feel like the end result here really lacks the impact you'd expect from a goofy, huge rifle like that.

Putting aside the somewhat salty feelings from leaving the drawing unfinished to some extent, I still think this is pretty nice at its core.
Oh, and this was also my very first time drawing Mami - I hadn't even made a single sketch of her before this!
For being a first time, I think I didn't do that bad of a job at getting her outfit right.

Before closing this post, let me also ruin your future (re)watches of *Madoka Magica*'s early episodes by pointing out that Shaft seems to have forgotten to draw Mami's gloves in a shocking amount of shots!
Granted, not that I noticed until I started looking more closely into the scenes for reference - it's not so glaring you'll notice on a normal watch.
